Swee laddle a Caroline I&S min welcome
to my cooking show from middle-earth
yesterday I'd love to teach you one of
my favorite recipes from the Shires a
classic shepherd's pie to start with get
yourself a saucepan we're gonna put that
on to heat a little bit of oil up in a
saucepan this is a really nice simple
recipe and this was my dad's favorite so
this dish always reminds me of home now
I'm gonna put my chopped onions into the
saucepan cook onions until they go
lovely and soft add your minced lamb now
brown this off now you can add your
carrots little dollop of tomato puree
some Lea & Perrins give that all good
stir together
now pour your beef stock in after the
stock leave it to simmer simmer down for
about half an hour should be good and if
you haven't already get yourself some
mashed potatoes because you're going to
need that to put on the top of your pie
season you want some pepper in there a
little bit of pepper into salt after
it's been simmering for half an hour
you'll see that the liquid does start to
reduce down and go a little bit thicker
but my secret tip is I actually put a
little bit of some visto powder in I
kind of cheat because I like to have a
really nice thick like gravy sauce in
the meat so I'm just gonna sprinkle a
bit of this on and mix this in
once your mints has cooked take it off
the heat I'm going to pour it into an
ovenproof dish
now all you need to do is top it with
some mashed potatoes now you can either
just dollop it on and to smooth it down
with a fork
or because this shows a special show and
I'm very happy to be doing this for geek
week I'm using a piping bag okay so
we've got a bit more of a fancy occasion
then you can use a piping bag and just
literally pipe on some rosettes I'm
going to do this keep going until you've
covered the whole pie fit up all those
gaps this is bit optional but I'm gonna
sprinkle mine with some grated cheese
cuz I like to have a bit of a cheesy
topping on there YUM now this is ready
to go straight into the oven I will put
all the details of the recipe all the
quantities oven temperatures everything
up on my website so just click the link
and you can have the full recipe now
this is gonna go into the oven for about
another 25 to 30 minutes until all the
cheese is melted and the potatoes are
nice and crispy on top
there we go
shepherd's pie is done so I would serve
this with some peas I've got to have
peas from heaven shepherd's pie
it's breaking now serve some up yum yum
and to go with that look at a few peas
well I hope you all really enjoy the
shepherd's pie recipe if you haven't
subscribed hit subscribe because I do
new recipes every single week and if you
have any other requests that you would
like me to do then do let me know I love
hearing from you guys so until next time
I hope you've enjoyed this geek week
series I almost definitely have and I
will be seeing you very soon
knob ear all over that with farewell
farewell my friends
until next time now I can eat some shelf
life
mmm-hmm I make a mean shepherd's pie
what can I say down